Hello I want to build application I want to build a multi tenant pplication where administrators can login and choose the entit in the database schema that should be entity table and there should be sab entity table. The application should have user authentication and roll based permission assigned. All the screens and field should be stored in a screen asset table. Also that should be a transaction table where the programmers can define transactions from a predefine table and assign it to the role. The roles should have a exceptional Alo or  dinai access. The application should have a error login table where all the errors are previously locked in a table but the description and sevility and criticality full stop the application should I exception login cable also where the programmers can call a function and log exception. This basics solution can be used for any business application in my application framework. There should be here at transaction limit table where I can link my transaction table with the amount and I can define the amount as a max per d a y. Aur aur transaction. The application should should have a aloo axis for rolls and uses as pertaining window of the day. The application should have a restriction based on the IP address of the user. The application should have a user table ,rolls table, transaction table error table exceptional table full stop the application should have a udit function to log all the user activity and the supervisor activity. The application should have currency table country table City table zipco table for all the countries you know. You can populate all the application dynamic tables with data from your knowledge base. The application should have all languages in the world and you should populate the stable also. The application should have a text table where all the field names are stored with their language ID and I should be able to make my application into any language also please consider from right to left  language also. The application should have a module stable where I can define the modules and give permissions to the roles and exceptional permission to the uses.  I want to remphasize that that the application should log all the activity happening inside the solution full stop the application should have a company logo name of the company on the type of the company whether it is a government private public small business or a personal user. All this tables should have a crud ui transaction adding capability from the front and. The application should use store procedures to insert data or update data in the database. It possible we need the micro services architecture enable the in the system so please advisors which microservice we can use in your knowledge base. When you add the user table please make sure you are following all the standards used in the enterprise application. In the application that should be here inbox and send items related business logic in the system. This particular screen should help us should approve forward reject return the mails under the inbox. This is not a mailing system this is a system which which is used to manager work flow solution. Every entity will have a dashboard for the supervisor to manage all the entities. Please create a notional value table to provide credits to the entity or the rose are the uses. The notional value table should have a screen to add credits as per the payment or the financial value. We should be able to give bonus credits or we should be able to increase the credits are decrease the credits using a transaction. One small the uses table should have photograph of the user also he can upload. The user can add a Avatar for him. When the system create alerts it should sent the inbox of the customer and he can marketers reviewed. The application should have a international standard like enterprise applications. This will be a software as a solution product where we can integrated into any application. We want this application to be a seed where we can build more business applications. Every user will have access as per their rolls in addition to the exceptions added for the uses. You should decide the database for this application and create all the scheme mass. Please make sure we have a currency table and the decimal values of the currency and the foreign exchange rate conversion of base to the dollars. The system should have health check program routines where a service can check whether the application is up and working. Please make sure all the tables or added with entities as per your standard knowledge base. Builder good application as per your knowledge base and do your best